good morning everybody this is Nancy I'm
back to talk about another cake I just
made this was her friends nice she was
turning 16 and who's a bit of a soccer
fanatic so I had to do a soccer theme
for sweet 16 cake and this is what I
came up with she's not a very girly girl
so I had to kind of tone it down but at
the same time I wanted the soccer seemed
to reflect that some femininity so this
is what I came up with there are two
side stars that are missing right now
because that they were leaning a little
bit into the cake and I decided to
remove them until it's time to serve the
cake the soccer ball is actually a
styrofoam and I cut out hexagons and
black Pentagon's and the soccer ball was
one of the hardest things I've ever had
to make the shapes did not fit exactly
the way that they were supposed to so I
I mean I did have quite a bit of
problems constructing that soccer ball
there's really not too much I can say
about this cake it's my first time using
ganache under the cake and I did make a
slight mistake with the ratios so I I
now know for next time and that's what
this is all about for me it's just a
learning curve and I now know for next
time how to fix the ratio and I mean it
worked out okay it was a lot softer than
I had wanted it to be it didn't form
that hard shell so you know I just went
with it and and I think it turned out
okay it's a little lumpy in areas but
it's okay first time using a nosh that
was my first bow up there first dress
though
thanks to Edna for the tutorial I've got
some melting down upstairs right now so
I'm just going to wrap this up that's it
it's in it's an eight inch yellow cake
with chocolate ganache underneath and I
hope you guys like it all right take
care of thanks for the emails in the
comments and we'll see everyone soon
thanks